## I. Disclaimer

For all computer code and digital data contained herein, the Highlands Council makes no representations of any kind, including, but not limited to, the warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use, nor are any such warranties to be implied with respect to the computer code or digital data layers furnished hereunder. The Highlands Council assumes no responsibility to maintain them in any manner or form.


## II. Terms of Agreement

Digital data and computer code received from the Highlands Council are to be used solely for internal purposes in the conduct of daily affairs. The code and data are provided, as is, without warranty of any kind and the user is responsible for understanding the accuracy limitations of all code and digital data layers provided herein, as documented in any accompanying explanatory text and/or metadata files. Any reproduction or manipulation of the above code or data must ensure that the coordinate reference system remains intact. Digital data received from the Highlands Council may not be reproduced or redistributed for use by anyone without first obtaining written permission from the Highlands Council. This clause is not intended to restrict distribution of printed mapped information produced from the code or digital data. Any maps, publications, reports, or other documents produced as a result of this project that utilize Highlands Council computer code or digital data will credit the Highlands Council Geographic Information System (GIS) as the source of the code or data with the following credit/disclaimer: "This (map/publication/report/dataset) was developed using the New Jersey Highlands Water Protection and Planning Council Geographic Information System computer code and digital data, but this secondary product has not been verified by the Highlands Council and is not state-authorized." Users shall require any independent contractor, hired to undertake work that will utilize computer code or digital data obtained from the Highlands Council, to agree not to use, reproduce, or redistribute Highlands Council GIS data for any purpose other than the specified contractual work. All copies of Highlands Council GIS computer code and data utilized by an independent contractor will be required to be returned to the original user at the close of such contractual work. Users hereby agree to abide by the use and reproduction conditions specified above and agree to hold any independent contractor to the same terms. By using data provided herein, the user acknowledges that terms and conditions have been read and that the user is bound by these criteria.
